# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

## Table of Contents

* [2.0.0 - 2023-06-11](#200---2023-06-11)
* [1.5.0 - 2023-02-13](#150---2023-02-13)
* [1.4.0 - 2023-02-12](#140---2023-02-12)
* [1.3.0 - 2023-02-12](#130---2023-02-12)
* [1.2.0 - 2022-07-10](#120---2022-07-10)
* [1.1.0 - 2020-08-15](#110---2020-08-15)
* [1.0.0 - 2020-07-19](#100---2020-07-19)

## 2.0.0 - 2023-06-11

* Added
  * `brewtility.units.color` for converting between SRM, EBC, and Lovibond.
  * `brewtility.units.pressure` for converting between PSI, Bar, etc.
  * `brewtility.units.specific-gravity` for converting Specific Gravity.
  * `brewtility.units.temperature` for converting between Celsius, Fahrenheit, and Kelvin.
  * `brewtility.units.time` for converting between seconds, minutes, hours, etc.
  * `brewtility.units.volume` for converting between gallons, liters, etc.
  * `brewtility.units.weight` for converting between pounds, kilograms, etc.
  * `brewtility.units.options` to introduce the symbolic keyword pattern
  * Display functions for all unit types.
* Changed
  * Internal functions that convert between unit systems now use `brewtility.units`
* Removed
  * `brewility.color` has been removed in favor of `brewtility.units.color`
  * `brewtility.units/convert-weight` has been removed in favor of `brewtility.units/convert` and `brewtility.units.weight/convert`
  * `brewtility.units/convert-volume` has been removed in favor of `brewtility.units/convert` and `brewtility.units.volume/convert`
  * `brewtility.units/convert-temperature` has been removed in favor of `brewtility.units/convert` and `brewtility.units.temperature/convert`

## 1.5.0 - 2023-02-13

* Added
  * A calculation function to derive the volume of wort at the start of the boil.
  * Predicate functions for all `common-beer-format` types.
* Changed
  * `com.wallbrew/spoon` is now a production dependency of `brewtility`.
* Fixed
  * Introduced missing `defn` metadata tags in the `calculation` namespace.

## 1.4.0 - 2023-02-12

* Added
  * Functions to "wrap" and "unwrap" `common-beer-format` maps.
  * Static and generative data in the `common-beer-format` format for test cases.

## 1.3.0 - 2023-02-12

* Added
  * Automated deployments to clojars.

## 1.2.0 - 2022-07-10

* Added
  * Refactor calculations to accept `common-beer-format` data.
  * Leverage `common-beer-data` for static test case data.

## 1.1.0 - 2020-08-15

* Added
  * The calculate-potential-final-gravity` function.

## 1.0.0 - 2020-07-19

* Added
  * Initial release.

## Source

This change log was generated by [sealog.](https://github.com/Wall-Brew-Co/lein-sealog)
Please do not edit it directly. Instead, edit the source data files and regenerate this file.
